project-1/README.md, before:

# My First README.md
# THIS IS A LEVEL 1 HEADER
## Mark Lannen
### THIS IS A LEVEL 3 HEADER

This is a paragraph. This paragraph requires no extra markup to signify it as such.

An empty line between text blocks signifies a new paragraph.

To mark certain words as bold we surround them with two **asterisks**. To mark certain words as emphasized or italic we surround them with a single *asterisk*.

Link text is placed between square brackets, and the associated URL link follows between parenthesis. [This is a link to the Guardian's site.](https://www.theguardian.com/uk)

We can identify code in a paragraph using the backquote character the backquote is the leftmost key on number line, below the esc key on most American keyboards. `var Der = 20`.

![This is a relative link](./images/screenshot-1.PNG)

Lists are simply line items prepended with dashes to create an unordered list or numbers to create an ordered list.

This is another line of text.

- list item 1
- list item 2

___


1. List item 1
2. List item 2

Here is another sentence that I will 'push' to Github. And here is another one.

Commit message:

Updated .md file with findings from looking at 2 sites on wayback machine

project-1/README.md, after:

# My First README.md
# THIS IS A LEVEL 1 HEADER
## Mark Lannen
### THIS IS A LEVEL 3 HEADER

This is a paragraph. This paragraph requires no extra markup to signify it as such.

An empty line between text blocks signifies a new paragraph.

To mark certain words as bold we surround them with two **asterisks**. To mark certain words as emphasized or italic we surround them with a single *asterisk*.

Link text is placed between square brackets, and the associated URL link follows between parenthesis. [This is a link to the Guardian's site.](https://www.theguardian.com/uk)

We can identify code in a paragraph using the backquote character the backquote is the leftmost key on number line, below the esc key on most American keyboards. `var Der = 20`.

![This is a relative link](./images/screenshot-1.PNG)

Lists are simply line items prepended with dashes to create an unordered list or numbers to create an ordered list.

This is another line of text.

- list item 1
- list item 2

---

1. List item 1
2. List item 2

So far I think I the content of the course is fairly straightforward, but I'm not finding it easy putting it all together and submitting all my homework correctly.

On the wayback machine I first looked at the Brazilian photographer [Sebastiao Salgado's website](http://sebastiaosalgado.com.br/) and enjoyed some of his pictures from the early 2000's.

For my pre-2000 website I looked at [www.squirrel.com](http://www.squirrel.com/) which seems to have started, in 1997, as a place to store pictures of squirrels and lots of links to then current technologies related to the internet. In 2016 most captures are static pages that tell the visitor to watch this space for an upcoming revolutionizing social media site or 'something cool' on other days. Oddly, the last capture, August 13, 2017, shows a page with non-working navigation and a home page with ads for perfumes and t-shirts...
